
--- Nueva respuesta ---
nombre: Prueba
carrera: Sistemas
semestre: 2
edad: 20
transporte: Bus
distancia_diaria_km: 10.0
dias_asistencia: 5
comparte_transporte: True
horas_laboratorio: 3.0
tipo_laboratorio: Cómputo
usa_equipos_alto_consumo: False
equipos_usados: PC
horas_pc_dia: 4.0
dispositivo_principal: Laptop
consumo_electricidad_extra: False
tipo_consumo: Ninguno
tipo_proyectos: Software
materiales_usados: Ninguno
residuos_por_proyecto_kg: 1.0
proyectos_por_semestre: 2
clasifica_residuos: True
porcentaje_reciclaje: Nada
residuos_peligrosos: False
laboratorio_gestiona_seguro: False
usa_botella: True
evita_imprimir: True
comidas_fuera_semana: 2
voluntariado_ambiental: False

--- Nueva respuesta ---
nombre: string
carrera: string
semestre: 0
edad: 0
transporte: string
distancia_diaria_km: 0.0
dias_asistencia: 0
comparte_transporte: True
horas_laboratorio: 0.0
tipo_laboratorio: string
usa_equipos_alto_consumo: True
equipos_usados: string
horas_pc_dia: 0.0
dispositivo_principal: string
consumo_electricidad_extra: True
tipo_consumo: string
tipo_proyectos: string
materiales_usados: string
residuos_por_proyecto_kg: 0.0
proyectos_por_semestre: 0
clasifica_residuos: True
porcentaje_reciclaje: string
residuos_peligrosos: True
laboratorio_gestiona_seguro: True
usa_botella: True
evita_imprimir: True
comidas_fuera_semana: 0
voluntariado_ambiental: True

--- Nueva respuesta ---
nombre: Cecilia
carrera: Computacion
semestre: 5
edad: 23
transporte: Bus
distancia_diaria_km: 6.0
dias_asistencia: 4
comparte_transporte: True
horas_laboratorio: 8.0
tipo_laboratorio: Cómputo
usa_equipos_alto_consumo: False
equipos_usados: 
horas_pc_dia: 6.0
dispositivo_principal: Laptop
consumo_electricidad_extra: False
tipo_consumo: 
tipo_proyectos: Computacion
materiales_usados: 2
residuos_por_proyecto_kg: 2.0
proyectos_por_semestre: 2
clasifica_residuos: True
porcentaje_reciclaje: 25 – 50%
residuos_peligrosos: True
laboratorio_gestiona_seguro: False
usa_botella: True
evita_imprimir: True
comidas_fuera_semana: 2
voluntariado_ambiental: False

--- Nueva respuesta ---
nombre: t
carrera: t
semestre: 3
edad: 34
transporte: Bus
distancia_diaria_km: 2.0
dias_asistencia: 2
comparte_transporte: False
horas_laboratorio: 2.0
tipo_laboratorio: Cómputo
usa_equipos_alto_consumo: False
equipos_usados: 
horas_pc_dia: 2.0
dispositivo_principal: Laptop
consumo_electricidad_extra: False
tipo_consumo: 
tipo_proyectos: 2
materiales_usados: 2
residuos_por_proyecto_kg: 2.0
proyectos_por_semestre: 2
clasifica_residuos: False
porcentaje_reciclaje: Nada
residuos_peligrosos: False
laboratorio_gestiona_seguro: False
usa_botella: False
evita_imprimir: False
comidas_fuera_semana: 2
voluntariado_ambiental: False

--- Nueva respuesta ---
nombre: C
carrera: c
semestre: 4
edad: 24
transporte: Automóvil
distancia_diaria_km: 4.0
dias_asistencia: 4
comparte_transporte: True
horas_laboratorio: 4.0
tipo_laboratorio: Cómputo
usa_equipos_alto_consumo: False
equipos_usados: 
horas_pc_dia: 4.0
dispositivo_principal: Laptop
consumo_electricidad_extra: False
tipo_consumo: 
tipo_proyectos: s
materiales_usados: s
residuos_por_proyecto_kg: 1.0
proyectos_por_semestre: 1
clasifica_residuos: False
porcentaje_reciclaje: Menos del 25%
residuos_peligrosos: False
laboratorio_gestiona_seguro: False
usa_botella: False
evita_imprimir: False
comidas_fuera_semana: 3
voluntariado_ambiental: False

--- Nueva respuesta ---
nombre: C
carrera: c
semestre: 4
edad: 24
transporte: Automóvil
distancia_diaria_km: 4.0
dias_asistencia: 4
comparte_transporte: True
horas_laboratorio: 4.0
tipo_laboratorio: Cómputo
usa_equipos_alto_consumo: False
equipos_usados: 
horas_pc_dia: 4.0
dispositivo_principal: Laptop
consumo_electricidad_extra: False
tipo_consumo: 
tipo_proyectos: s
materiales_usados: s
residuos_por_proyecto_kg: 1.0
proyectos_por_semestre: 1
clasifica_residuos: False
porcentaje_reciclaje: Menos del 25%
residuos_peligrosos: False
laboratorio_gestiona_seguro: False
usa_botella: False
evita_imprimir: True
comidas_fuera_semana: 3
voluntariado_ambiental: True
